Huozhou is such a small place
There are still many cow ghosts and snakes
The subordinates are doing bad things like rain
Discipline yourself.
I don't know if my master called me today
What do you want?
I do have some plans
Four years ago, I was saved by Grandma Mundy.
Promise to protect Mundi for the rest of his life
Marry Mandy
Now I have lived in seclusion in Guangzhou for 4 years
Mundy's acting career also rose steadily
The Golden Dragon Award is coming soon
It's time too
I should tell him who I really am
The master means to come out of the mountain again, not bad
Welcome the return of the Qing army and the five armies
How is the arrangement of the Golden Dragon Award?
This is Mundy's lifelong contribution as an actor
I have it all arranged
Best Actress
It must fall into the hands of the lady
Madam will be very happy to know in the future
He can understand my good intentions
Five will do.
How come?
Did you change the lock on the gun?
Wife wife
Don't call Yao Qin
Where's my wife?
Miss doesn't want to see you
Sign this. What?